docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

# Kavita Import Tool

![icon](../../src-tauri/icons/Square310x310Logo.png)

## Description
Kavita Import Tool allows users to import a variety of eBook files and export them into the correct [folder structure for Kavita](https://wiki.kavitareader.com/guides/scanner/managefiles). When multiple files are imported with the same name, the program picks the best format or the format selected by the user.

Example folder structure:
```
kavita-import-tool-output-[epoch time]
  ┖── LearningAssemblyLanguage
        ┖── LearningAssemblyLanguage.epub 
      RustForTypeScriptDevelopers
          ┖── RustForTypeScriptDevelopers.pdf
      DesigningMultimediaPipelinesWithGStreamer
          ┖── DesigningMultimediaPipelinesWithGStreamer.cbz
```

## Installation
[Read the Quickstart Guide](./quickstart) for a step-by-step guide on how to use the program.

TL;DR:
- Download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/mackenly/kavita-import-tool/releases) for your operating system
- Install the program (not currently signed, so you may need to allow the installation)

## Features / Roadmap
- [x] Import EPUB files
- [x] Import PDF files
- [ ] Support other files types such as Manga ones (this needs feedback/feature request)
- [x] Select file based on a ranked list of formats
- [x] Allow users to select the preferred format to use
- [x] Export directly into the selected output folder or into a container folder for manual import
- [x] Drag and drop or select files to import
- [x] Automatic updates
- [ ] Your feature idea here! [Create an issue](https://github.com/mackenly/kavita-import-tool/issues/new) to suggest a feature

## Development Setup
- Clone the repository
- Ensure Rust and cargo is installed and setup 
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies
- Install Rust dependencies by running `cargo build`
- Run `npm run tauri dev` to start the development server and open the program in a window


## Disclaimer
[Read the disclaimer here](./about)

Commit message:

Adds support for all supported file types

docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

# Kavita Import Tool

![icon](../../src-tauri/icons/Square310x310Logo.png)

## Description
Kavita Import Tool allows users to import a variety of eBook, manga, and image files and export them into the correct [folder structure for Kavita](https://wiki.kavitareader.com/guides/scanner/managefiles). When multiple files are imported with the same name, the program picks the best format or the format selected by the user.

The tool currently supports simple file name-based structures like the one below. If you have a different structure you would like to see supported, please [create an issue](https://gitub.com/mackenly/kavita-import-tool/issues/new) with the details.

Example folder structure:
```
kavita-import-tool-output-[epoch time]
  ┖── LearningAssemblyLanguage
        ┖── LearningAssemblyLanguage.epub 
      RustForTypeScriptDevelopers
          ┖── RustForTypeScriptDevelopers.pdf
      DesigningMultimediaPipelinesWithGStreamer
          ┖── DesigningMultimediaPipelinesWithGStreamer.cbz
```

## Installation
[Read the Quickstart Guide](./quickstart) for a step-by-step guide on how to use the program.

TL;DR:
- Download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/mackenly/kavita-import-tool/releases) for your operating system
- Install the program (not currently signed, so you may need to allow the installation)

## Features / Roadmap
- [x] Import EPUB files
- [x] Import PDF files
- [x] Support for all file types supported by Kavita
- [x] Select file based on a ranked list of formats
- [x] Allow users to select the preferred format to use
- [x] Export directly into the selected output folder or into a container folder for manual import
- [x] Drag and drop or select files to import
- [x] Automatic updates
- [ ] Support for episodic and series-based content following the Kavita format
- [ ] Your feature idea here! [Create an issue](https://github.com/mackenly/kavita-import-tool/issues/new) to suggest a feature

## Development Setup
- Clone the repository
- Ensure Rust and cargo are installed and setup 
- Run `npm install` to install dependencies
- Install Rust dependencies by running `cargo build`
- Run `npm run tauri dev` to start the development server and open the program in a window


## Disclaimer
[Read the disclaimer here](./about)
